05_about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About us
permalink: /about/
icon: <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i>	
---

<!-- {% include alert.html %} -->

## FBK and ICT4G

The goal of the [ICT4G group](http://www.ict4g.org) is looking at novel ways of using technology to foster economic and social development, often targeting areas characterized by a low penetration of ICT. With “low penetration of ICT”, we not only refer to developing countries, but also to societies with significant and tangible gaps.

[Fondazione Bruno Kessler](http://www.fbk.eu) is charged with keeping the province of Trento in the mainstream of European and international research. It does so by attracting women, men and resources at the forefront of technological development and humanities studies.

<!-- Why the course?
Who is the target? -->

## the lecturers

# Aaron Ciaghi & Pietro Benedetto Molini

[<img class="ict4g-member" src="http://ict4g.org/home/images/members/aaron.jpg">](http://ict4g.org/home/profile/Aaron_Ciaghi.html)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[<img class="ict4g-member" src="http://ict4g.org/home/images/members/pietro.jpg">](http://ict4g.org/home/profile/Pietro_Molini.html)

Commit message:

added info about Spooky and SLL, slides ignored

05_about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About us
permalink: /about/
icon: <i class="fa fa-info-circle"></i>	
---

<!-- {% include alert.html %} -->

## the lecturers

# Aaron Ciaghi & Pietro Benedetto Molini

[<img class="ict4g-member" src="http://ict4g.org/home/images/members/aaron.jpg">](http://ict4g.org/home/profile/Aaron_Ciaghi.html)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
[<img class="ict4g-member" src="http://ict4g.org/home/images/members/pietro.jpg">](http://ict4g.org/home/profile/Pietro_Molini.html)

## FBK and ICT4G

The goal of the [ICT4G group](http://www.ict4g.org) is looking at novel ways of using technology to foster economic and social development, often targeting areas characterized by a low penetration of ICT. With “low penetration of ICT”, we not only refer to developing countries, but also to societies with significant and tangible gaps.

[Fondazione Bruno Kessler](http://www.fbk.eu) is charged with keeping the province of Trento in the mainstream of European and international research. It does so by attracting women, men and resources at the forefront of technological development and humanities studies.

## Organiser

# Sibukele "Spooky" Gumbo

[<img class="ict4g-member" src="https://media.licdn.com/media/p/2/000/129/163/3cadf18.jpg">](http://za.linkedin.com/pub/sibukele-spooky-gumbo/34/3a0/825)

Project Lead - [Siyakhula Living Lab](http://siyakhulall.org) Management Unit at Rhodes University/University of Fort Hare/Dwesa community

<!-- Why the course?
Who is the target? -->
